i want to sleep in a house in a bed like
a real human you need to wake up and
realize
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain the battery this movie
tells the story of two former baseball
players who find their relationship
strained as they struggle to survive
each day will they survive the zombie
apocalypse let's find out in the battery
the battery is set in the state of the
world after a massive zombie invasion
and the small population of humankind on
earth the scene begins with mickey
sitting on the front porch of a house
listening to music through headphones
mickey was waiting for his friend ben
who was in the house not long after ben
came out running and shouted at him to
get out of the house mickey is a man who
tries to live his life as normal as
possible as if there had never been a
zombie attack in this world mickey
listens to music every day until the
battery of his music player runs out he
didn't want to learn how to survive or
deal with the zombies he's very lazy and
also a coward he didn't even have the
balls to her to fly ben had always done
the important tasks like killing off
zombies and making sure mickey had
stayed alive during this time ben is a
high fighting spirit he is adapted to
the harsh life against zombie attacks
and is used to living a nomadic life ben
and mickey survive a zombie apocalypse
by moving around avoiding swarms of
zombies and looting abandoned houses
they collect items that can still be
used such as food and medicine
one day ben and mickey arrived at a
meadow where a car was parked after ben
killed the zombies in the car he then
turned the ignition key and it turned
out that the car's engine was still
alive and functioning properly ben and
mickey immediately got into the car and
drove without a definite destination
after arriving at a house they returned
to their usual routine while ben is busy
calming in the garage looking for used
hoses and conductors for refueling the
car mickey invades a woman's room he
opened the drawer and took out a piece
of underwear he then kisses it and put
the underwear in his pants pocket after
getting all the necessary items he
immediately left the house long story
short ben and mickey are now resting in
a field mickey intends to try out a
walkie-talkie device he finds ben crept
behind him as he put the headphones on
his head he pretends to be a zombie and
surprises his best friend mickey is
annoyed and then scolds ben but ben says
the headphones can kill mickey because
he won't hear zombies coming from behind
ben and mickey are testing the reach of
the walkie talkie when they overhear a
conversation between two survivors named
annie and frank their conversation
implied that there was a group of
survivors called the orchard mickey
excitedly calls them again and asked to
join but he was rebuffed by frank who
told the man not to contact them again
and hung up mickey was still trying to
reach the orchard line the next day but
to no avail the scene switches when
mickey is sleeping in the car and ben
cleans himself under the pouring
waterfall then a female zombie walked up
into mickey's car the zombie pressed her
plump body against the windshield
slipped one arm through the slightly
open car window trying to reach the
sleeping mickey mickey woke up and
distanced himself he was going to call
ben but his friend had gone quite a
distance because he had left a note on
the car's dashboard mickey gaped at the
top of the zombie's plump breasts
clearly visible on the windshield of his
car the perverted man even took
advantage of the precarious situation to
satisfy his long simmered desire he then
lowered his pants and tried to reach the
peak of pleasure using his hands while
looking at the zombie with lust however
mickey's pleasure did not last that long
ben rushes over and blows off the
zombie's head right in front of him ben
who just realized what mickey was doing
with the zombie then burst out laughing
and left his best friend again so he
could continue his fun
after that ben and mickey continued
their journey they found a car that
stopped in the middle of the road ben
quickly pulled out his gear to retrieve
the remaining fuel in the car while
mickey checked the hood and noticed that
the hood was hot indicating that the car
had been running recently when ben is
careless suddenly a man holds mickey
hostage with a knife and tells him to
give up the car keys in exchange for
mickey's life but ben was smart enough
to say that the keys were still in the
car the man then released mickey and got
into the car after realizing that bennet
tricked him he rushed to run away but
ben shot him dead
shortly after another car came along and
stopped there ben pointed a gun at the
car a woman got out of the car after
reassuring ben that she had kept her gun
the woman asked where the owner of the
black car was in the middle of the road
then a man got out of the car took the
equipment like ben's and checked the
fuel tank ben said that the car ran out
of fuel and he killed the owner of the
car both were ready to leave but then
mickey approached the woman recognizing
her voice mickey said a name annie and
the woman got out of the car the woman
turned out to be annie and he panics
because mickey recognizes her and shoots
ben in the leg annie and her partner are
pointing guns at ben and mickey and he
threatens to kill them if ben doesn't
hand over the car keys ben who fell in
pain was finally forced to give up his
car keys annie then threw the car keys
into the wide meadow she told ben and
mickey not to follow her or call her
again she drove off immediately mickey
then looks for the lost car keys in the
grass while ben waits in the car and
banishes the wound after hours mickey
still couldn't find the key and stopped
the search because it was night night
came and it was pitch dark ben and
mickey rushed into the car as the
zombies approached but until the next
day the hordes of zombies continued to
surround the car and there was no sign
of them leaving there ben and mickey
couldn't help but have to stay in the
car if they were to survive a few days
later a swarm of zombies still surrounds
them bored ben opens the sunroof and
shoots some zombies while mickey sticks
to his headphones and plays music food
and clean water supplies are running low
they're frustrated because they're
trapped in a car with many zombies
surrounding them they have a big fight
ben brings up the missing car keys in
the shooting he experienced mickey
thinks that ben blames himself for all
their misfortunes because he recognizes
annie if mickey hadn't offended annie
their situation might have been
different
days passed and they were still cooped
up there mickey who was starting to get
annoyed with the disgusting face and
growl by the zombie sound then took the
initiative to cover the car window with
a blanket and turn up the music player's
volume they're getting more and more
tormented by being trapped in the car
ben started raving by saying that they
would start drinking their urine in the
next few days but then the two best
friends decided to have fun by smoking
and playing games the next day when ben
and mickey have lost their will to live
the voices of the zombies are no longer
heard and the zombies are finally gone
they then decide that mickey should go
out looking for the car keys that they
can get out of there as soon as possible
mickey came out through the sunroof and
did a quest that took a long time ben
waited in the car anxiously he hoped
mickey would find his car key so they
could get out of there but he was
worried about his best friend he never
took up a gun
after a long wait mickey finally came
back he sat in the front seat with his
back to ben when ben approached him and
asked for the key mickey started crying
hysterically he said he couldn't find
the key and showed his hand that had
been bitten by a zombie ben then
distanced himself from mickey he cries
begging ben to let him live but ben is
forced to kill his best friend before
mickey turns into a zombie and bites him
then grabbed the gun that was nearby and
shot mickey in the head
ben devastated by the death of his best
friend suddenly hears a voice from the
walkie-talkie just as mickey had
overheard frank and annie's conversation
he then decided to get out of the car he
packed up his rudimentary supplies and
equipment and left the car with mickey's
duffel bag and headphones behind the man
a swarm of zombies began to approach ben
looks back and the film ends
[Music]
so